OSDOCS-11312: adds nit fixes to auto recovery MicroShift (#88145)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-auto-recovery-manual-backups.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * microshift/microshift_backup_and_restore/microshift-auto-recover-manual-backup.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="microshift-auto-recovery-manual-backups_{context}"]
= Modifying backup and restore commands to automate data recovery

Use automatic recovery options to store all of your backups in a single directory, then automatically select the latest one to restore. Modifying existing `backup` and `restore` commands enables you to set up automatic recovery.

> The `microshift restore` command makes a backup of the {microshift-short} data in the `/var/lib/microshift` that failed to start. The `auto-recovery` option treats the `PATH` argument as a path to a directory that holds all the backups for automated recovery, and not just as a path to a particular backup file. You can use the `--auto-recovery` option with both `backup` and `restore` commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `microshift restore` command makes a backup of the {microshift-short} data in the `/var/lib/microshift` that failed to start. The `--auto-recovery` option treats the `PATH` argument as a path to a directory that holds all the backups for automated recovery, and not just as a path to a particular backup file. You can use the `--auto-recovery` option with both `backup` and `restore` commands.
```

> * For example, if you use the automatic recovery option with `restore`, such as in `microshift restore --auto-recovery PATH`, running the modified command automatically selects the most recent backup.

Reviewer: Selects and restores?

> * If you use the same option in the `microshift backup` command, such as in `microshift backup --auto-recovery PATH`, the latest backup is restored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you use the same option in the `microshift backup` command, such as in `microshift backup --auto-recovery PATH`, a new backup is created in the PATH.
```

> The `microshift restore` command makes a backup of the {microshift-short} data in the `/var/lib/microshift` that failed to start. The `auto-recovery` option treats the `PATH` argument as a path to a directory that holds all the backups for automated recovery, and not just as a path to a particular backup file. You can use the `--auto-recovery` option with both `backup` and `restore` commands.
> 
> * For example, if you use the automatic recovery option with `restore`, such as in `microshift restore --auto-recovery PATH`, running the modified command automatically selects the most recent backup.
> 
> * If you use the same option in the `microshift backup` command, such as in `microshift backup --auto-recovery PATH`, the latest backup is restored.
> 
> * The `--dont-save-failed` option disables the backup of failed {microshift-short} data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `auto-recovery` option treats the `PATH` argument as a path to a directory that holds all the backups for automated recovery, and not just as a path to a particular backup file. You can use the `--auto-recovery` option with both `backup` and `restore` commands.

* For example, if you use the automatic recovery option with `restore`, such as in `microshift restore --auto-recovery PATH`, running the modified command automatically selects the most recent backup.

* If you use the same option in the `microshift backup` command, such as in `microshift backup --auto-recovery PATH`, the latest backup is restored.

* By default, `microshift restore --auto-recovery PATH` creates a backup of the failed MicroShift data in `PATH/failed`. Provide additional `--dont-save-failed` option to disable this behavior.
```
